# March 24, 2022

## Attendees

 * Chris Barber
 * Michael Gangolf
 * Majo K
 * Código Móvil

## Agenda

### Titanium SDK

1. Build: Regen builds AFTER SDK release

Currently regens builds during release, but release hasn't been released, so no new builds. We end up having to manually regen builds. :(

2. Android: Update Gradle tool 7.0.4 -> 8.1.1 and Gradle plugin 7.0.4 -> 8.0.0

We need to upgrade both the Gradle tool and Gradle plugin.

Issue: https://github.com/tidev/titanium-sdk/issues/13579

WIP: https://github.com/tidev/titanium-sdk/pull/13682

3. Android: Update Kotlin 1.8.20 -> 1.8.22

4. Android: Support Java 20

5. Titanium SDK 13 GA target release date: Mid-September 2023? (whenever iOS 17)

6. Future: Encryption, CSS support, LiveView

### Titanium CLI

1. Dropping Node.js 14 and older

Titanium SDK 12.1.0 has deprecated Node.js 14 and older. CLI and all tooling still supports Node.js 14.15.

2. Future: Improve onboarding

Add all-in-one installer that setups up all dependencies and sets things like `JAVA_HOME`. A `ti doctor` command would be helpful for fixing issues.

### titaniumsdk.com

1. Complete rewrite:
 * Move from Vuepress to Next.js
 * Speed up site generation
   - Cache SDK and module docs
 * Better landing page with:
   - Improved messaging
   - Images
   - Code snippets
   - Quick install commands
  
2. Sandbox! Live code in the browser and run on device.

Each sandbox session has a QR code that a native app scans, loads the code, and runs the code.

Need to write a "shell" native app in Titanium.

3. Improve module registry

We currently have https://modules.titaniumsdk.com/, but it shows too many false positives.
It's not curated. It's a little light on information. It's not SEO friendly.

### tidev.io

1. CLA signing

Almost complete. Need to automate p12 cert generation and insert into tidev.io app. Need also
update all repos to use new CLA check endpoint.

### TiDev Organization

1. Sign up for Apple and Google developer accounts

2. Publish Kitchen Sink and Sandbox app
